## Code for paper "Confidence intervals for the CVaR using the POT approach."
This code will generate all data used in simulations presented in the paper and produce plots and tables. Parameters can be adjusted to produce results for other scenarios.

## Requirements:
* Python v3.xx
* Modules:
  * numpy
  * scipy
  * matplotlib
  * multiprocessing

## Replicating results
Executing confidence_intervals.py will generate all samples and estimated quantities in data/samples.npz and data/calc.npz, respectively. Then, all needed values for reproducing the plots and tables are stored in data/results.npz. The plots and Latex code for tables (given in the output folder) can then be generated by running get_output.py.
Different distributions and simulation parameters can be experimented with by adjusting values at the beginning of the main loop in confidence_intervals.py.

Since generating all samples and estimated quantities is quite memory-intensive (requiring the multiprocessing module) we have provided the files data/calc.npz and data/results.npz which are all that is needed to reproduce results in the paper. Removing these files will then check for the availability of data/samples.npz, and generate new samples and calculations if not found. These will be the same as samples used in the paper if the seed in gen_data is not changed, but we have also uploaded our samples.npz (to be placed in the data folder) to Dropbox through the following link (~14GB):
https://www.dropbox.com/s/chtlhggkzv2q9h5/samples.npz
